What makes this organization special?
Why are you excited to hire a new person for this role?
I Know One of Your Company Values Is [Value Here]. How Does That Manifest Itself in the Workplace?
What’s the Typical Leadership Style Here?
What are the most immediate projects that need to be addressed?
Can you show me examples of projects I’d be working on?
What are the skills and experiences you’re looking for in an ideal candidate?
What attributes does someone need to have in order to be really successful in this position?
What types of skills is the team missing that you’re looking to fill with a new hire?
What are the biggest challenges that someone in this position would face?
What sort of budget would I be working with?
Is this a new role or will I be taking over for an employee who’s leaving?
How does this position contribute to the company overall?
Do you expect the main responsibilities for this position to change in the next six months to a year?
What does your onboarding process look like?
What learning and professional development opportunities are available to your employees?
Will there be opportunities for stretch assignments where I can learn and use new skills?
Are there opportunities for advancement within the company?
Would I be able to represent the company at industry conferences?
Where have successful employees previously in this position progressed to?
What are the most important things you’d like to see someone accomplish in the first 30, 60, and 90 days on the job?
What are the performance expectations of this position over the first 12 months?
What is the performance review process like here? How often would I be formally reviewed?
What metrics or goals will my performance be evaluated against?
How long have you been with the company?
Has your role changed since you’ve been here?
What did you do before this?
Why did you come to this company?
What’s your favorite part about working here?
What’s one challenge you occasionally or regularly face in your job?
What part of your job are you most excited about over the next few months?
Are there any upcoming initiatives or projects you’re especially interested in?
I’ve read about the company’s founding, but can you tell me more about [another significant company development] ?
What direction do you see this company heading in over the next few years?
What can you tell me about your new products or plans for growth?
What are the current goals that the company is focused on, and how does this team work to support hitting those goals?
What gets you most excited about the company’s future?
What are the company’s most important values? (Note: Make sure this isn’t easily Google-able!)
How does the company ensure it’s upholding its values?
Can you tell me about the team I’ll be working with?
Who will I work with most closely?
Who will I report to directly?
Can you tell me about my direct reports?
What are the team’s biggest strengths and challenges?
Do you expect to hire more people in this department in the next six months?
Which other departments work most closely with this one and how?
How would you describe the work environment here—is the work typically more collaborative or more independent?
How does the team form and maintain strong bonds?
Can you tell me about the last company event you did together?
What’s your favorite office tradition?
What do you and the team usually do for lunch?
Does anyone at the company or on this team hang out outside the office?
Do you ever do joint events with other companies or departments?
What’s different about working here than anywhere else you’ve worked?
How has the company changed since you joined?
How has the organization overcome challenges with remote work?
How does the company make sure that remote and hybrid employees are given the same opportunities and standards as in-office employees?
What are the next steps in the interview process?
Is there anything else I can provide you with that would be helpful?
Can I answer any final questions for you?
Would I Be Working Traditional Office Hours? If Not, What Are the Hours?
Is This a Fully Distributed Team? What Percentage of the Team Is Remote?
How Does the Team Communicate? What Tools Do You Use to Collaborate?
How Do You Typically Give Feedback to Remote Employees?
What Type of Regular Social Events Does the Team or Department Have?
How Has the Organization Overcome Challenges With Remote Work?
What Opportunities for Growth Exist for This Role?
